feat: Publish http-add-on v0.4.x releases (#22)
kedacore/external-scalers: artifacthub/add-ons-http/0.4.1/README.md

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/kedacore/keda/raw/main/images/logos/keda-word-colour.png" width="300"/></p>

<p style="font-size: 25px" align="center"><b>Kubernetes-based Event Driven Autoscaling - HTTP Add-On</b></p>
<p style="font-size: 25px" align="center">

The KEDA HTTP Add On allows Kubernetes users to automatically scale their HTTP servers up and down (including to/from zero) based on incoming HTTP traffic. Please see the [HTTP Addon repository](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on) for more details and to learn how and why you would use this project.

| 🚧 **Project status: beta** 🚧|
|---------------------------------------------|

> | ⚠ The HTTP add-on currently is in [beta](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/releases/tag/v0.2.0). We can't yet recommend it for production usage because we are still developing and testing it. It may have "rough edges" including missing documentation, bugs and other issues. It is currently provided as-is without support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ⚠ The HTTP add-on currently is in [beta](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/releases/tag/v0.4.1). We can't yet recommend it for production usage because we are still developing and testing it. It may have "rough edges" including missing documentation, bugs and other issues. It is currently provided as-is without support.
```
